(omm yeah, uh yeah, glenny trillion, glenny trillion, um ya, um ya, trillion)





PORTICO
Im repin' team five to the bone gristle,
there's no fuckin' stuff like soft drizzle,
Portico I'm tha scrum master, you know the fuckin' mustard plaster, aromatic aster, question master!
Rhymin' like a leet king (oyeah) with all my sweet bling, 
bitches waitin for my big meat swing,
Seeking for your big ass, shut the fuck up middle class, 
I cant find yours even with my maginfy'n glass.


MATTIASJO
Eo yo, what the fuck is that? thats a fucking nasty hat,
give that my slut, trippin freaking bad like wayne on black conaine,
puffpuff gunpowder, take your shit togther, I'm getting louder, 
Hustla my design and stay real and grab the dollar sign, how you feel? 
Take a look in my pocket, bitch can you feel my white rocket?
I killed that fancy iPad twice, throw my dice, (portico: no you didnt) HEY Portico stop telln em fuckin lies,
or I will attack, and you will end up dead like that 2pac.


LOGARITMSIK
Hey foo, Im logaritmisk, I will do you masquerade with a hand granade.
Burned my own compact disc, took the risk, with a great speed, 
now sit back relax, hook me up with some good weed.
Master of the fuckin cube, soon I will own those hoes on youtube.
Im just saying, im not paying, thats how I playing, you can go praying.
You measure what you do in KPIs, I measure what i do in hips and thighs.


PATRIK
Take a look at my long hair, do you dare, black suit is what I wear.
I read the bible, look at that hoes curve of the back, a tatto trible.
-You call me kike, and steal my bike, I will be mad, and make your mom said. (at the funeral, bitch)


AMELIA
Im one of those regular danish girls, havin' alot of them diamod pearls,
No Im accutally from the states, they serve me on golden plates. 
Board the boat, I slize your throuth, with my amex black, if you dont die, Ill break your neck.
My code is 303, you dont fuck with me, or my gangsta friends, riding in tha benz.
With the windows down, in the middle of the drive by, pown pown, the guy with the black tie will have a fish eye.


MARIA
This is Maria, not from the republic of korea, I like IKEA, you have no idea, 
about how I send bills without thrills, you know, me and my girls kills with skills.
Still givin cred to the guys in team five, when the site goes live.
You could read my healhty blog, or become a hot dog,


BALINT
Stright out of Magyarország, hide my swag in a black body bag with your name tag.
This Pálinka makes me drunk ya, I wipe you out, no doubt, big fat knock out.
I squees to the last drop, my glock goes pop pop, this is nasty hiphop 
Just for you, foo, rows the canoe.


JENNY
Hey my name is Jenny, throw you a penny,
get some bitch, stop twitch snitch, lazy daisy stitch,
Like Balint, im not from Sweden, nor a puerto rican, Im half finnish, like the saunaish,
blue and white, delight, lign of sight is how I write.
Think you can handle me? I guarantee, you will end up with burns, third degree,


























BRATANON

HEYINTERN




